hey guys I'm Peter to you guys really
quick about the genesis version here so
that we look alike contest I know I'm so
late i'm sorry i did start going to a
cosmetology school so I go to school
tuesday through saturday 835 so i'm here
all day but today i was able to get some
time to let you guys know that made a
video this video is for people that made
a video for the contest and i must thank
all of you guys that participated
unfortunately you two took out the video
responses so I cannot see anybody's
video response and I know you guys sent
it to my email but I do not click link
in my email because I'm scared of
getting viruses come home what I would
like you to do that if you made a
youtube video for the Genesis version
here contest comments below just saying
that you made a video so that i can
click on your youtube page and look at
the video on my did tell you guys what
to put on your video like the tile so
all I'm going to do is look for that
title on your YouTube page watch the
video and and that's about it just
watched the video next week I'm going to
announce the winner so please save me
though if you made a YouTube video for
the juices virgin hair contest and I
will click your channel and watch the
video so again I would like to thank
juices version hair for giving me the
hair to give out to you guys unless
think everybody that participated and I
did watch some of the videos when they
did have video responses and i love the
videos that were so nice so the earrings
I am wearing and also this necklace I'm
also wearing a body suit it's a black
body suit off of lambda butterfly calm i
will put the link in the information
so if you want to check out the earrings
the necklace and the black bodysuit I
wearing a size medium so yeah you want
to know what size I wear this hair I
will have a video up soon explaining the
hair in the color I having I love the
color it is beautiful so it has a little
radar bright but anyways I will talk to
you guys later bye